PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated on April 6, 2019

INTRODUCTION

Maarten de Goede and Sven Hoffmann ("we", "our", "us") respect the privacy of our users ("user", "you", "your"). This Privacy Policy describes how we treat your personal information when you use our website, mobile application, as well as any other related, linked, or otherwise connected to product (the "Apps").  
By accessing and using the Apps, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.

Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not access the Apps.

We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. We will inform you about any changes by updating the “Last updated” date of this Privacy Policy.

You are encouraged to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed of updates. You will be deemed to have been made aware of, will be subject to, and will be deemed to have accepted the changes in any revised Privacy Policy by your continued use of the Apps after the date such revised Privacy Policy is posted.

This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party online/mobile stores from which you install the Apps or make payments, which may also collect and use data about you. We are not responsible for any of the data collected by any such third party.


PERSONAL DATA

We do not actively collect any personally identifiable information (such as your name, ip address, and email address). 
When you contact us via social media, e-mail, or any other communication service, you agree that your contact information, message(s), as well as any other information sent by you, may be stored on our servers.
We only use your contact information for customer support, and we will never send you any promotional e-mails or share your information with any third parties unless required by law.

ANALYTICAL DATA

Our Apps may collect anonymous derivative information when you access the Apps, such as, but not limited to, time spent in the Apps, number of interactions, as well as information about said interacctions within the Apps. 
We do not share this analytical data with any third parties, and only use the analytical data for improving your experience when using the Apps. 

APP DATA

Any information created while using the Apps, such as activities and records, is stored locally on your device and is not uploaded to our servers, except anonymous derivative information (see Analytics Data). 
Your data may be uploaded to a server of a third-party service provider as part of your device backups, and you are responsible for contacting the third party directly if you want to delete your data.



USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We use the information we collect to improve the Apps and provide a better experience when using the apps. Specifically, we may use the information to:

Respond to product and customer service requests.
Analyze usage and trends to improve your experience with the Apps.
Compile anonymous statistical data and analysis for my internal use.
Increase the efficiency and operation of the Apps.
Assist law enforcement and respond to subpoena.



DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may share information we have collected about you in certain situations. Your information may be disclosed as follows:

By Law or to Protect Rights

If we believe the release of information about you is necessary to respond to legal process, to investigate or remedy potential violations of our policies, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of others, we may share your information as permitted or required by any Applicable law, rule, or regulation.

Third-Party Service Providers

We may share your information with third parties that perform services for us or on our behalf, including payment processing, data analysis, email delivery and customer service.

THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES
We are not responsible for the actions of third parties with whom you share personal or sensitive data, and we have no authority to manage or control third-party solicitations. If you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails or other communications from third parties, you are responsible for contacting the third party directly.

The Apps may contain links to third-party websites and Applications of interest, including advertisements and external services, that are not affiliated with us. Once you have used these links to leave the Apps, any information you provide to these third parties is not covered by this Privacy Policy, and we cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of your information. Before visiting and providing any information to any third-party websites, you should inform yourself of the privacy policies and practices (if any) of the third party responsible for that website, and should take those steps necessary to, in your discretion, protect the privacy of your information. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of any third parties, including other sites, services or Applications that may be linked to or from the Apps.

SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We use administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect your personal information. While We have taken reasonable steps to secure the personal information you may provide to us, please be aware that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse. Any information disclosed online is vulnerable to interception and misuse by unauthorized parties. Therefore, we cannot guarantee complete security if you provide personal information.

INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
Your information may be processed, stored and used outside of the country in which you are located. Data privacy laws vary accross juristidctions, and different laws may be Applicable to your data depending on where it is processed, stored or used.

EUROPEAN UNION CUSTOMERS
By using the Apps and providing your information, you authorize us to collect, use and store your information outside of the European Union.

POLICY FOR CHILDREN
We do not knowingly solicit information from or market to children under the age of 13. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 13, please contact us using the contact information provided below.

EMAILS AND COMMUNICATIONS
If you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails, or other communications from third parties, you are responsible for contacting the third party directly.

CONTACT US
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: clapp@insertcode.eu
